1. Heavy and stun moves, when a character is proceed by the stun effect the current action segment the pointer is pointing to
is "knocked out" meaning the move is disregarded, Moves with the new heavy tag ignore stun effects. For the average move assuming
same action segment length, a move with stun will have an early activation point and deal little damage, a move without stun or heavy
will have a medium activation point and deal medium damage, and a move with heavy will have a late activation point and deal medium damage.
This creates a rock paper scissors mechanic like in YOMI hustle where stun moves > base moves > heavy moves > stun moves.

2. I need to create the ability of predicting the opponents moves, this drives most of the combat competitive pokemon gameplay, it is the
core fun mechanic in high level pokemon and YOMI hustle and needs to be preserved in this game for it to have mass multiplayer appeal.
Prediction is easy in pokemon where the a battler can only have 4 moves, and one turn per move, and in YOMI hustler where moves devolve
into 4 types, quick, medium, slow, and special, where each type has an advantage over the other. Making move predictions for a character
that can have up to 30 moves and multiple abilities stacked in a queue of 6-10 moves is nearly impossible without other features such
as the rock paper scissors mechanic mentioned above. I can't do something as blunt as giving you information of the opponents choices
as that would make it too easy to figure out what they chose, it needs to be logic based prediction. The problem with YOMI hustle is that
despite having many move options most boil down to those 4 types making the game at times a glorified rock paper scissors simulator, stacking
multiple moves in a row removes this flaw as even if you get hit first you can still make moves. If we think of this from the JJK perspective
most characters are able to react to moves and use their remaining time to dodge, block, parry or strike first, however since this game is turn
based and i decided to preselect your moves before the turn it is impossible to react, unless what if after the first quater of ticks
pass you are able to swap out your remaining moves, giving both players a chance to reevaluate and strategise after seeing how the opponent plays
this would also allow for psychological tactics, if this happens at the end of the first, second, and third quarters. Maybe quarter is
too many times it makes it too tedious, how about half way. but half way through what, the AP bars are different depending on speed, also
Mechanically speaking how is this different from just having two rounds of half the size, the difference is that you plan out the
"second round" before realtering it if necessary. Lets put a pin in that idea for now and think about it from the players point of view,
i know that in the previous round kashimo set up his lightning trap, when he uses the unleash move, if it hits me and get's the headshot
crit ability whatever then i know im dead, i need to predict when he is going to use it so i can stun him or use a defensive move to
avoid it. what tools do i have at my disposal, in jjk a character would wait for a spike in cursed energy to- hmm that's an idea, curse
energy sense, cursed energy efficiency is a stat and it relates to how well you are able to sense cursed energy perhaps, moves with CE
costs emit a signal of some kind, one grows with the cost, it would need to be displayed after move selection is locked in from both sides
to avoid misdirection, and perhaps you we could create a free move with high CE cost to intentionally misdirect the opponent, ok but
there are two issues we need to solve, one is that locking in move selection displaying this CE cost and then editing the moves for
every single round for a mechanic that isn't involved every single round is tedious and time consuming, this could be solved with a toggle,
activating this toggle means after you and you're opponent both lock in you can alter you're moves. Alternatively there can be two buttons,
once you finish selecting your moves for the round you select the first button to display you're CE to the enemy, then once you've changed
your moves you both press the second button to start the round. This doesnt work as the person can just switch the location of the moves afterwards.
We need a solution that adheres to the following strict game rules
1. Move selection only occurs during the beginning of the round, never during.
2. The game cannot tell you any information about you're opponent's move selection.
3. The solution must give you a meaningful chance at predicting your opponents moves based on logic and psychology
4. The solution must not funnel down the many choices into a simple RPS function
The solution ideally would be a subtle as designing the combat so that some simple choices are encouraged such as always starting with a
fast stun move, or always finishing with a guard, or always using your biggest move in the middle, these would create predictable move
types that can be changed to subvert expectations. By jove ive got it, we seperate the the timelines into offensive and defensive timelines
you can stack your attack actions in one timeline while simeultanously using defensive moves, this way you don't need to worry about
wasting a attacking move slot on defending a weak ass punch at random, since we can use both, but prediction still matters as you will
have some blind spots or minimum spacing between defensive moves probaly, we can also add some new move tags to add to this, a tag that
makes moves take up spots on both timelines, forcing you into full defense or full attack, a stun use to knock out the move but now we can
have versions for attacking and defensive moves. This is also good set up for domains as now they render the entire defensive line useless
adding to their finishing move aura. moves that do not contain an attacking tag (Defensive, Utility, Defensive-Utility) will all be stored
on the defensive line, moves that contain a attack tag will be on the Attack line (Attack, Attack-Defense, Attack-Utility, Attack-Defense-Utility).
This also works with our simulation aspect as a character in battle can be focused on defending and attacking at the same time. Prediction
is still an important aspect but the chances are much greater and when you know they are going to bring out a big move with a lot of AP
you can store a bunch of defensive moves close together. I do think we should Rework the current AP bar though because currently the
person with the bigger bar just gets some free moves extra during the end of the round which doesnt fit the design as good, Im thinking
something like a bar 300 points long and you can place your moves anywhere along it up to your point total. maybe the size of the offensive
and defensive bars differ depend on strength vs durability.